Hello today is a very special day
today's one premiere today
comes the very first hairstyle video of
me since i do youtube i have
something never shot but that too
that's why I think so about
Two months hardly ever mine
I always had hair care
either worn open or to one
Dutt and then that began
fever phase and since then I can not
stop touching my hair and
to weave over
and I myself as a beginner
I would call today
video with four hairstyles the incredible
simply are suitable for beginners
and very fast go in any case for
People who are a bit hairdressing
inexperienced are just like me
myself too and I would say that
Get started right away with the first hairstyle
and that's the one I'm here right now
moment the acer hairstyle
I wish you much fun with the video
I pull first scheitl the
is with me as usual a bit
sideways and all other hair I would come
me once on the other side about the
shoulder and then it starts already
I take the idea of ​​the crest
a small strand of the pond in two
aspire and then I start to
I twirl that for once
front strand over the back strand
and then the back strand gets from
Front again so a little something
hair too
So it goes on until under the
ears and that is actually the
the simplest method to directly on the head
something badly similar to what it looks like
to produce it
that's a lot easier than going to one another
now divide three strands and then
really such an important weaving
makes that but will end anyway
look very pretty as if you had one
unbelievably done and if
not arrived at the ear down then
I would like to continue then normally
I just have all the remaining hair
in a braid together and share that
then in three equal strands and
then begin to braid as normal
but I always bad under the
middle strand because it has it
always the same rotation as on the head and
that they just a bit
more uniform before I think so
rubber and I can do the strands
to pull out a little bit further
so that after a bit thicker
Zoff looks like the head on the top
I can do that very well
that is a hairstyle that is very good anyway
is suitable for the second third day
after the hardware puts there you can
that's a bit more
volume
cheat where really far on
and then I just pull some
Strähnen is out and that then
all so a bit thicker and
voluminous and that was it
Already this is my parents on hairstyle
I already had the next hairstyle
shown in another video but briefly
I thought a little bit today
more precise and above all things because it is yes
one of my favorite hairstyles currently
are and I take away from me first
crown a thicker strand that will
later split that is why
actually only look nice and so
I cover a bit after that
me something below this
thick tear another tear and the
I then just like normal
always plait a pigtail until completely
below and then I fix that when
you would like to do that again
pull out a bit thicker
but I leave that so I think so
makes again this look quite
especially from then I take the
thick strands I'm in the beginning
once separated and find out
At the back of my head with 12 bobby
pins depending on how it holds and that is
I really like a hairstyle
Wear it when I have it open
but still wants the easy
braids in it
that 's a bit like something
looks
everyone comes at the next hairstyle
Hair from the face therefore is the
really well suited for very hot
summer days and I start first
thus my normal side too
pull and then the hair left behind
and right as evenly as possible
split and then over your shoulders
I actually do exactly that
the same as the first hairstyle and
Although I first take a strand
right on the approach and divide it into two
halves and then be twirled again
So the front is over the rear
placed at the rear will be again
Hair from the head and then
placed over the back and so on
continue until all hair is intertwined
That should be the case when I am
I arrived below the ear and
there is the whole one with it
hair elastic fixes the whole thing repeatedly
I just on the other side
pull back a bit and then again
Twirl and with the lower hair always
to take with me then if so
I'm downstairs and all the hair
then I can feel desperate
I take the other strand again
had already finished and
the two then stand together in one
Ponytail make the ponytail
you can be a bit higher then
start with that looks special
and if you feel like you can go to the
hair then but a little bit with
make a curling iron or man
make you there like I do now
here and then you can still with a few
h needles so that the work already clear
sits and looks good at all and
Front I do it always like so
I get a few strands out too
Opel thus also has a bit messi
because it looks a bit more natural
and not so strict and then it was
that actually already with the third
hairstyle
the led hairstyle I find personally
now the hardest of them all
I wanted to show her anyway because
I totally like to ask you the time
I'm getting one again
side vertex and all hair come
then over the shoulder to the other
page
then I take the approach again
divide a strand into 2 and this one
not really quiet though
if you can do it now
a bit too happy but I will
this time will be a discrete braid
I always take plait
from the outer half of a strand
a much smaller strand and lay
then below the strand then to
the other side so it always a bit
difficult to explain but if you know
how a fishbone braid works
then you are the speech then the same
Of course, on the other side
just from the edge of a thick
streak a small take and then
pull through underneath the other and
here we go
it's going to be a bit like that now
complicated because I still take time
hair with it from the head and one
smaller strand and then another
small strand of the two euros is
really explain that bad
you see it and then it always works
So that's what I think
at the moment very very difficult and me
Do me a little bit too
but it's hard to braid
Exercise does the master and if I do
here then below the ear
then I want to take all
Remaining hair together again and
bad then quite normal in the future
herringbone soft but beware that
I continue below the strand
braid like me on the top of the head
have done so again this
whirls on and on and not
suddenly twisted and then to the end
before I clean my hair gum
grants you that kind of a bit more
Strands out just when fish heads
I think that's really pretty if that's the case
looks a bit more voluminous and
if you have to go out so much
picture and even if I have the hair tie
then fixed down then pull
I again the remaining hair like that
a bit high, I think that pushes too
a little bit at least that
lower part that always looks very much
very pretty from the four
hairstyles I find the easiest
and with whom I am very personally
I really enjoy decorating
which hairstyle I liked the best
and maybe a maximum of one or
other
imitate me there I would over
I'm looking forward to it
a few get on twitter and
instagram like to link me there and
then I'll look at it for me
really cool and if I left
still my last two videos and us
See you next time again